JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
GWEN IFILL: And I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
a fight for Afghanistan's
largest province.
Afghan forces, with the help of
U.S. airstrikes,
are pushing back, as Taliban
fighters make
gains in Helmand Province.
GWEN IFILL: Then, this Christmas
Eve, time
to talk about how some gifts can
be life-changing.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And the power,
appeal, and
craftsmanship of the holiday
classic song
"White Christmas."
ROB KAPILOW, Composer: Now,
every Christmas,
there's a new recording of new
Christmas songs,
but the whole idea of secular
Christmas songs
really didn't exist before
Berlin. No one
was actually dreaming of white
Christmases
before him.
GWEN IFILL: All that and more on
tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
GWEN IFILL: The Christmas
holiday turned into
Christmas horror overnight, as
killer storms
blasted parts of the South.
Today, communities
were left to count their dead
and damages,
including at least 11 killed and
scores hurt.
One after another, tornadoes
touched down
across five states Wednesday
evening.
MAN: Monster tornado. Can't tell
if it's on
the ground because of the trees,
but that
sure looks like it.
GWEN IFILL: The worst was in
Northern Mississippi,
where more than a dozen twisters
spun down.
A state of emergency stretched
across seven
counties, from the Arkansas
border in the
west, to Tennessee in the north,
and near
Alabama in the east.
Governor Phil Bryant visited the
region today.
GOV. PHIL BRYANT (R),
Mississippi: It is difficult,
particularly this time of year,
to see such
damage and know that heartbreaks
go along
with that damage, that families
have lost
loved ones. Seven Mississippians
have been
lost in this storm. Funerals
will be planned.
This should be a joyous holiday
season. And
it will not be for many.
GWEN IFILL: A string of
Mississippi towns
fell victim, starting with
Clarksdale, where
a twister flipped small
airplanes at the local
airport.
Sixty miles to the northeast,
the volunteer
fire department in Three Forks
was wiped out.
JOEY JACKSON, Three Forks
Volunteer Fire Department:
It's kind of devastated. I mean,
we don't
have any -- we run EMS and fire
both. And
we don't have anything.
GWEN IFILL: Eighteen-wheelers
were toppled
in the town of Sardis, while, in
Holly®MDNM/
Spring, a 7-year-old boy was
among those killed,
as a twister tossed cars and
blew homes off
their foundations. It left some
people feeling
lucky to be alive.
LANCE MEEKS, Survivor: Uproot
trees, cut trees
in half. And I don't know why
I'm still standing
here talking to you.
GWEN IFILL: In the aftermath,
Mississippi
police and first-responders went
door to door,
checking for survivors.
RAY HALL, Mississippi Highway
Patrol: That's
the number one -- our number one
priority
that if we do have someone that
is stranded
or someone that is trapped,
we're trying to
clear each street, each county
road, each
highway, going door to door, to
make sure
that we can eliminate all the
possibilities
that there's still someone that
needs help.
GWEN IFILL: Meanwhile, in
Central Tennessee,
emergency crews worked overnight
to clear
roads. And farther north, strong
winds ripped
roofs from homes in Noblesville,
Indiana.
A twister was even reported in
Canton, Michigan,
just west of Detroit.
The chance of tornadoes
diminished today as
the storm system pushed east.
But it still
brought the prospect of heavy
rain and flooding,
and almost freakishly warm
weather for Christmas
Eve.
In New York City, residents and
tourists alike
donned T-shirts and shorts in
record-breaking,
70-degree temperatures.
WOMAN: What else can you say?
It's perfect.
We're doing some sights and
walking around
the city. It's beautiful.
WOMAN: This is my first time in
New York,
and I was expecting snow and
freezing cold
temperatures, but I'm still
enjoying it, still
enjoying it.
GWEN IFILL: Forecasters say it's
mostly due
to the current El Nino effect, a
warming of
the Pacific Ocean that's driving
warmer air
east and pushing back the
colder, arctic air.
And the same effect that's
helping generate
warm weather and severe storms
in the South
and East has also brought heavy
rain and snow
to the Rockies and Pacific
Northwest.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Elsewhere, this
day, Christmas
Eve festivities unfolded around
the world.
In Bethlehem, Christian pilgrims
and tourists
alike flocked to Manger Square,
the traditional
birthplace of Jesus. Other
celebrations were
canceled, as four more
Palestinians died in
clashes with Israeli forces.
Meanwhile, at the Vatican,
thousands of worshipers
packed into St. Peter's
Basilica, where Pope
Francis presided over midnight
mass.
POPE FRANCIS, Leader of Catholic
Church (through
translator): We need to
cultivate a strong
sense of justice to discern and
to do God's
will. And in a culture of
indifference, which
not infrequently turns ruthless,
our lifestyle
should be a lifestyle of
devotion filled with
empathy, compassion, and mercy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The holiday
period also means
a record travel season across
the United States.
AAA estimates that 100 million
Americans will
venture out between Christmas
and New Year's.
More than 90 percent will drive,
taking advantage
of the lowest gas prices in
years.
GWEN IFILL: There's been another
migrant tragedy
this Christmas Eve; 19 people,
including six
children, drowned today when
their boat capsized
in the Aegean Sea off the coast
of Turkey.
The Turkish coast guard
delivered the bodies
to shore, and the coffins were
later taken
to a morgue in the city of
Izmir. It was the
third such incident in as many
days. Rescuers
were able to save at least 21
passengers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Back in this
country, there's
word the Obama administration
plans raids
and mass deportations next year
of hundreds
of families who arrived in the
country illegally
within the last two years. Most
came from
Central America.
The Washington Post reports the
campaign could
start in January and target
people who've
already been ordered to leave
the country.
The plan still needs final
approval.
GWEN IFILL: Oscar-nominated
actor Robert Downey
Jr. won a pardon today for a
drug conviction
going back nearly 20 years. The
office of
California Governor Jerry Brown
said Downey
has -- quote -- "lived an honest
and upright
life" since he spent a year in
prison. The
actor is best known for his
roles in the Iron
Man and Avengers movie
franchises.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And Wall Street
closed early
for Christmas on a day of light
trading. The
Dow Jones industrial average
lost 50 points
to finish at 17552. The Nasdaq
rose two points,
but the S&P 500 was down three.
GWEN IFILL: Still to come on the
"NewsHour":
losing ground to the Taliban in
Afghanistan;
payments to the hostages held
captive in Iran
more than 30 years ago;
education in post-communist
Romania; and much more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: Afghanistan,
where government
forces are trying to blunt a
Taliban drive
in a key southern region.
Afghan troops had been losing
ground, but
officials say reinforcements and
American
airpower repelled the onslaught
overnight,
killing a Taliban commander and
50 fighters.
Afghan army convoys rolled north
toward Sangin
district, as police searched
cars and people
on a main road. The
strategically important
section of Helmand Province has
been under
siege by Taliban insurgents.
Fighting spiked this week, but,
today, the
provincial governor rejected
Taliban claims
that they'd routed the
defenders.
MIRZA KHAN, Helmand Governor
(through translator):
The district is completely under
the control
of the government security
forces. The enemy
never took control of Sangin
district. We
have arrived there by air and by
ground. The
military operation is ongoing
now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: They were helped
by U.S. airstrikes
overnight, hours after
Afghanistan's defense
minister warned his forces
aren't getting
air support.
MASOOM STANEKZAI, Afghan Acting
Defense Minister:
When the U.S. and the British
forces were
there, how many enablers they
had, how many
jets they had, how many
helicopters they had,
and how many we have today? The
way we are
fighting today, I think you
cannot compare
with any of those forces.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The fighting in
Helmand is
one part of a Taliban offensive
across much
of Afghanistan that's testing
U.S. strategy.
President Obama came into office
calling for
a troop surge in 2009 to defeat
the Taliban,
and then:
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
We're starting this drawdown
from a position
of strength.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In 2011, the
president announced
a plan for phased withdrawals of
combat units.
Then, in May of 2014, he said
virtually all
American forces would be out of
Afghanistan
by the end of 2016.
But, in October, faced with
Taliban gains,
Mr. Obama reversed course and
ordered some
5,500 troops to stay into 2017.
To explore why the security
environment has
deteriorated so much over the
past year in
Afghanistan, we turn to two
people who've
been intimately involved in
formulating U.S.
policy toward that country
during the Obama
administration.
David Sedney was deputy
assistant secretary
of defense for Afghanistan,
Pakistan and Central
Asia from 2009 to 2013. He's
currently a senior
associate at the Center for
Strategic and
International Studies. And
Barnett Rubin was
a senior adviser at the U.S.
State Department
from 2009 to 2013. He's now a
senior fellow
at New York University's Center
on International
Cooperation.
And we welcome you both.
Barney Rubin, let me start with
you.
Why has the situation in
Afghanistan, security
situation, deteriorated so much
in the past
year?
BARNETT RUBIN, Director, Center
on International
Cooperation, New York
University: I think
that a more realistic question
would be, why
hasn't it deteriorated more?
Bear in mind that, a couple of
years ago,
there were, I think -- David,
correct me if
these figures are wrong --
100,000 U.S. and
maybe 30,000 or 40,000 other
NATO troops in
Afghanistan. And those are the
best military
forces in the world, with, as
Defense Minister
Stanekzai, was saying, the most
up-to-date
equipment and so on. And now
they're down
to, I think, 8,000 U.S. and
about 4,000 European.
And each of those soldiers cost
a million
dollars a year. So we were
spending over a
hundred billion dollars a year.
So, if you
withdraw them from the
battlefield, of course
there's going to be a change in
the security
situation. But the fact is that,
despite the
withdrawal of that huge force,
the Afghan
government and the Afghan
military, for all
the problems they have, have
held on extremely
well, and have not lost any
major population
centers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, David Sedney,
is it largely
due to the drawdown of U.S.
forces?
DAVID SEDNEY, Former Defense
Department Official:
It's partly due to the draw
down. I agree
with Barney on that.
The Afghan forces have done very
well. But
we built a large Afghan army.
And the numbers
are there. And the Afghans are
willing to
fight. The big problem is, is,
we didn't put
in the enablers that Defense
Minister Stanekzai
was talking about, air support,
helicopters,
intelligence. We ripped those
out of Afghanistan
before the Afghan forces were
ready to operate
on their own.
And we're now paying the price.
But the causes
go beyond that. The Taliban have
mounted in
the last two years, since we
stopped fighting,
we stopped using combat forces,
their largest
offensives ever. More Afghans
are dying today
than at any time since before
2001.
JUDY WOODRUFF: At the hands of
the Taliban?
DAVID SEDNEY: At the hands of
the Taliban.
This offensive is enabled by
sanctuaries in
Pakistan. And it has also been
enabled by
an internecine struggle among
different Taliban
factions and with a new factor
in Afghanistan,
Da'esh, the Islamic State, which
is seeking
inroads there as well.
This adds all up to much more
violence and
many more deaths.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Barney Rubin, are
these factors
that the U.S. should have
anticipated, or
did they just pop on the scene,
to everyone's
surprise, particularly the
Pakistan and the
Da'esh, or ISIS, presence?
BARNETT RUBIN: Well, I mean, by
the U.S.,
that would be David and me and
our bosses.
And I think that we did
anticipate it. And
the fact is, we didn't -- you
know, the president
decided that the national
interest of the
United States wasn't served by
having our
military, with all those
resources, in Afghanistan
for more than 15 years.
We understood that that would
mean a deterioration
of the military situation. And
that means
that it's more important than
ever for us
to move ahead with the
diplomatic and political
solution, and also with the
investment in
regional infrastructure which is
just getting
off the ground now.
Unfortunately, there were some
people in our
government who thought you could
just postpone
those things until the military
option was
successful. But, of course, that
was never
realistic. We're paying the
price for that
partly now, but, in fact, we
still are moving
in that direction.
And despite the serious
deterioration, the
increase in violence that David
has talked
about, again, bear in mind,
possibly taking
Sangin district, which you
called strategic
-- I'm not sure why -- in
Helmand Province
is a long way from taking Kabul
or any major
provincial center.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean because
of the size
and the location of it?
BARNETT RUBIN: Yes. The Taliban
took over
Khanashin District in Helmand.
I'm not sure
that any government ever
controlled Khanashin
District. It's mostly empty.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David Sedney,
what about the
other argument we sometimes hear
that prolonging
the presence of large numbers of
U.S. forces
in that part of the world, it
basically embolden
-- it makes the other side,
whether it's the
Taliban or ISIS, want to fight
the U.S. even
more?
DAVID SEDNEY: Well, the last two
years have
proved that wrong.
In fact, as we have withdrawn,
as Barney said
-- we had over 140,000 U.S. and
other countries'
forces there two-plus years ago
-- we barely
have 10,000 there now. As those
forces have
reduced, the Taliban offensive
has increased.
The Taliban use of violence has
increased
as foreign forces have
decreased.
So it's not the question of
presence of foreign
forces. It's a question of
control and power.
The Taliban have made clear they
want to rule
Afghanistan. When the Taliban
have taken more
territory this year -- and they
have -- they
have gone out and killed civil
society people.
They have persecuted women. They
have gone
back to exactly the same kind of
things that
they were doing before 2001 that
made Afghanistan
such a hellish place to live for
most Afghans.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Barnett
Rubin, that being
the case, what can the U.S.,
what can the
Afghan government do to counter
that?
BARNETT RUBIN: Well, we are --
first of all,
again, to come back to David's
most important
point, this is not just a
conflict between
the Taliban and the Afghan
government.
It's a regional conflict, and
particularly
the basic source of it is the
conflict between
Afghanistan and the state of
Pakistan. The
Taliban wouldn't be able to
mount all these
offensives and so on, though
they would exist
and they would have to be dealt
with politically,
if they didn't have undisturbed
sanctuaries
in Pakistan.
And the reasons for that, other
than Pakistan
being evil or
terrorist-supporting, Pakistan
has certain interests in the
region. And we
are now trying to address those
diplomatically.
It's extremely difficulty. We
have to have
enough forces on the ground in
Afghanistan,
so that the situation remains
relatively stable
to give us the space to do that
diplomatic
work.
We're now getting much more
support in that
work from China and so on. So, I
think that
the focus that the media have on
the back
and forth of controlling 100
meters there
and 100 meters somewhere else in
different
remote parts of the country is
missing the
point.
The main weakness on the
Afghanistan government
side is not whether their forces
can fight
the Taliban. It's the political
divisions
within the Afghan government
which sometimes
undermine the forces. And on the
other side,
the main issue is that the
Taliban's sanctuary
in Pakistan, not how strong or
angry they
are.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David Sedney, how
do you see
what the U.S. and others need to
do to turn
this around?
DAVID SEDNEY: I agree that the
eventual aim
is peace. And, ideally, that
would be peace
talks with the Taliban. But, in
the meantime,
the Taliban offensive has to be
stopped.
German Defense Minister de
Maiziere, when
she was in Afghanistan last
week, acknowledged
that the NATO-U.S. withdrawal
had been too
hasty and ill-prepared and
pledged that Germany
would increase by over 15
percent its troops
in Afghanistan.
Just today, Turkish Prime
Minister Erdogan,
meeting with President Ghani,
pledged that
Turkey would keep its military
presence and
work for peace through strength.
We need to
reverse the mistakes we made in
the past and
give the Afghans the help that
Defense Minister
Stanekzai asked for earlier in
your program.
Otherwise, people will die well
before peace
talks have a chance to start.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, if 5,500
troops into 2017
is not enough, what is the right
number?
DAVID SEDNEY: There's no real
right number.
It's right capabilities.
We don't need combat troops
there. We need
the enablers that Defense
Minister Stanekzai
asked for. The Afghans need air
support, intelligence
support, the logistics support
and well-trained
advisers. A few years ago, we
disbanded the
group that the Army had -- the
U.S. Army had
created to train people on how
to build other
countries' armies.
So, we're now sending advisers
to Afghanistan
who just, unfortunately, don't
know what they're
doing. We need to give the
Afghans the help
they need. They're ready to
fight. We don't
need combat troops. But they do
need our help.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We appreciate
your perspective,
both of you, at the end of this
year.
David Sedney, Barnett Rubin,
thank you.
GWEN IFILL: The Iran hostage
crisis was one
of the defining moments of the
1970s, and
it fractured a relationship
between two nations
that has never healed.
Now, 36 years after it began,
the former hostages
are finally getting
compensation. It was November
4, 1979. The U.S. Embassy in
Tehran was overrun
by militant Iranian students.
Eventually,
53 American hostages, many of
them diplomats,
were held. Some were paraded
around, exposed
to mock firing squads and
beatings. Some were
placed in solitary confinement.
They were
held 444 days, as the nation
watched and waited.
One major rescue attempt failed.
Fifty-two were released on
January 20, 1981,
just as Ronald Reagan was being
sworn in.
One other hostage was released
earlier because
of illness.
Their families celebrated. But
the crisis
helped end Jimmy Carter's
presidency and led
to a three-decade-plus rupture
between Iran
and the United States. And for
many of the
former captives, the ordeal left
a lasting
toll, including depression. But,
until now,
they have received no
compensation for the
ordeal. The massive spending
legislation passed
by Congress last week changes
that, awarding
each hostage $10,000 for each
day of captivity.
The settlement also provides the
potential
for compensation for victims of
other incidents,
including the 1998 U.S. Embassy
bombings in
East Africa and the 9/11
attacks.
David Herszenhorn of The New
York Times has
been combing through this
settlement and speaking
with former hostages. He joins
me now.
David, how much money in total
are we talking
about here?
DAVID HERSZENHORN, The New York
Times: Well,
we actually don't know yet,
because some of
the money depends on court cases
that are
ongoing and judgments that have
already handed
down in the courts, where there
may be awards.
They haven't been paid yet.
In fact, the Supreme Court will
soon, next
month, be hearing a case about
this. But we're
starting out with a pot of
roughly $4 billion,
a big chunk of which goes to 911
victims,
$1 billion of which will go to
the Iran hostages.
GWEN IFILL: You mentioned the
Supreme Court.
Hasn't this very thing been
litigated before?
Has it gone as far as the
Supreme Court and
said, no, there will be no
compensation?
DAVID HERSZENHORN: Well, that's
right.
What we have now is basically a
congressional
judgment. The Iran hostages were
denied at
every turn, in large part
because the agreement
that secured their release known
as the Algiers
Accord barred them from seeking
any compensation.
So the courts repeatedly
rejected any claims,
citing this treaty effectively
in 1981 that
secured their release.
What Congress has done is step
in with legislative
relief and said, Congress is
basically giving
to them the equivalent of a
court judgment.
GWEN IFILL: Right.
DAVID HERSZENHORN: And now, with
this bigger
group of victims, they each have
their claim,
what some victims may have been
awarded in
court, what the Iran hostages
were awarded
by the Congress, and a special
master will
dole out the money that exists.
It starts with a big chunk of a
settlement,
really a landmark fine, penalty
paid by the
bank BNP Paribas, which had
violated sanctions
against Iran, Sudan, and Cuba.
GWEN IFILL: So the pot of money
that this
is coming from, even though it's
in a budget
bill, is not really coming from
the budget?
DAVID HERSZENHORN: That's right.
This was one of the political
tools in crafting
this settlement, in making this
possible,
that there was a ready and
available pot of
money that didn't have to come
right out of
taxpayers' pockets, so to speak.
GWEN IFILL: And it also didn't
come out of
the Iranian government's pocket
either.
DAVID HERSZENHORN: And that's
been some disappointment
to some of the hostages, who
really do feel
that Iran ought to pay for what
happened directly.
GWEN IFILL: So, sanctions had a
role. Did
the nuclear negotiations that we
watched so
closely have a role?
DAVID HERSZENHORN: There's no
question.
As the nuclear accord was being
developed,
Congress certainly got much more
involved,
was paying much more attention
to the idea
that the relationship between
the United States
and Iran was going to begin to
thaw, that
sanctions might be eased. And
there were many
people, hostages included, who
said, wait
a minute, we're not comfortable
with this
relationship thawing when we
haven't addressed
the reason, one could say, it
ruptured in
the first place, or a big part
of the reason,
that defining moment, as they
say, in the
1970s, where the embassy is
overrun.
GWEN IFILL: Why did this also
include victims
of other attacks? Why not just
keep it specifically
to Iran?
DAVID HERSZENHORN: Well, that's
a political
question, but also one of
fairness and equity
I think in the minds of some of
the lawmakers.
Iran has been accused of
sponsoring terror
in many different locations on
many different
occasions. Victims and family
members of victims
of the two bombings in Beirut,
1983-'84, trucking
bombing killed Marines and
others, are included
here. And there has been
difficulty, even
for the victims who have been
able to pursue
their claims in court.
Winning a judgment has been
possible for a
number of victims, but getting
paid has not
been possible, because, of
course, Iran is
not coming up with money. There
was one rare
instance where Libya was looking
to get back
into the good graces of the rest
of the world
and was willing to pay
compensation.
GWEN IFILL: But this is
different.
DAVID HERSZENHORN: That's right.
So, here, they really had to
come up with
a solution where some of these
folks would
see some payback after, you
know, losing loved
ones or having been injured
themselves, because
the court decision was just
that. It was just
a number on paper, but there was
no money
behind it.
GWEN IFILL: You talked to some
of these surviving
hostages after -- in the course
of writing
the story about the settlement.
How have they
reacted? It's been a long time.
DAVID HERSZENHORN: They are
exhausted, is
one word. Certainly, there's a
very big mix
of emotions.
Some are quite satisfied,
they're quite relieved,
quite grateful to Congress for
not forgetting
about them. Many of them felt
forgotten really
until the movie "Argo" came out.
And "Argo"
wasn't even about their case. It
was about
six folks who had escaped.
GWEN IFILL: The Ben Affleck
movie that won
the Oscar a couple of years ago.
DAVID HERSZENHORN: That's right.
They felt that that renewed
attention. But,
until then, they really had a
sense that younger
people, it's not something in
their memory.
This is something that was
really forgotten.
And, of course, they were also
outraged by
Benghazi, where yet again
diplomatic personnel
working for the United States
government in
dangerous places overseas were
put at risk.
So, there's a sense of closure
for some of
them. Many said it was too soon
to see know
exactly how they feel about it.
But the comment
that struck me the most, Barry
Rosen, who
was a press attache -- he's a
New Yorker -- said,
"I really don't want to talk
about it." He
said, "We have been through
enough."
And that seemed to be a
sentiment I think
all of them can agree on. They
went through
enough.
GWEN IFILL: Well, nearly four
decades later,
it probably feels like more than
enough.
David Herszenhorn of The New
York Times, thank
you for this.
DAVID HERSZENHORN: You're
welcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
gifts to cure
bad habits; the subtleties that
make the song
"White Christmas" a classic; and
a Christmas
poem from our troops overseas.
But, first, we continue our
coverage of the
global education crisis with a
look at our
New York public station WNET's
documentary
series "Time for School."
For 12 years, PBS has followed
six children
from around the world who are
simply trying
to get a basic education.
Tonight, we meet Raluca from
post-communist
Romania, whose parents have been
working long
hours to give her every
opportunity in the
country's new free market
economy.
RALUCA IFRIMESCU, Romania
(through translator):
This is my bed where I sleep.
And this is
Sylvester, the cat that I sleep
with.
This is the drawer where I keep
a lot of books.
And this is a book that shows
you everything
about nature: the earth,
animals, people.
This book shows you everything.
You should
buy it. And this is from my mom
and dad's
wedding. They're really
wonderful people for
me.
NARRATOR: Raluca Ifrimescu is 8
years old
and lives in Bucharest, Romania,
with her
parents, Cristi and Mirela.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU, Father of
Raluca (through
translator): What counts is for
the child
not to lack anything. We
struggle for it.
NARRATOR: Though Raluca's family
seems to
enjoy a comfortable life,
economic security
is not something they take for
granted. Romania
is a work in progress. When
communism ended
in 1989, the country began a
transition to
capitalism.
Raluca's parents are trying to
give her every
opportunity to succeed in the
new free market
economy, and they know the best
possible education
is essential. Her family can't
afford a baby-sitter,
so Raluca commutes 45 minutes to
school on
her own every day to attend a
public school
considered one of the finest in
Bucharest.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU (through
translator): (through
translator): She knows she's not
supposed
to talk to strangers.
MIRELA IFRIMESCU, Mother of
Raluca (through
translator): When she was in
kindergarten,
she once told a lady, "I'm not
allowed to
talk to you because when Red
Riding Hood talked
to the wolf, he ate her."
NARRATOR: Elementary school is
free in Romania,
but even in first grade, Cristi
and Mirela
find that the little extras add
up.
MIRELA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): By
the end of the month, we have no
money left.
We wonder how the others who
make less money
than us can manage. How do they
survive?
NARRATOR: Cristi works as a
technician at
a printing press, and Mirela is
an accountant.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU (through
translator): It's
a great thing that we both have
a job. It
matters a lot. We hope, since we
consider
ourselves still young, that
things will change.
And we hope for a better life.
RALUCA (through translator): On
manga anime,
I have 2,145 posts. I also
moderate some Web
sites, and I'm the administrator
of others,
and that practically takes up
all my time.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU (through
translator): She's
ambitious. And she wants to do
something with
her life. We didn't think of
that when we
were kids, because you could
only reach a
certain level, and then you had
to stop.
It wasn't important if you were
smart or not.
It was important who you knew,
if you knew
someone who had an important
position in the
Communist Party.
MIRELA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): Now,
you have to be very good to
succeed.
NARRATOR: Raluca's middle school
is a pressure
cooker, with intense competition
for high
marks.
WOMAN (through translator):
Calculate the
median line for a trapezoid with
a base of
10.
RALUCA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): I felt
from the first day that there
was a huge difference
between them and me, but I
caught up, and
now I'm one of the good
students. I want to
be one of the best and have only
10s.
NARRATOR: It's the night before
a big exam,
and Raluca is having a meltdown.
RALUCA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): Based
on this mark, I could end up in
a good high
school or a bad one. My future
depends on
it.
NARRATOR: Only those who test at
the very
top will be admitted to the most
competitive
high schools.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU (through
translator): Please,
try to relax.
RALUCA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): I hope
the test will be easy and I hope
I won't panic,
because I tend to panic whether
I know the
answers or not. God gives me
confidence.
NARRATOR: Raluca did manage to
test into a
good high school. And five years
later, everyone's
hard work has paid off.
RALUCA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): This
is the building where I spent my
four years
of high school. They were the
most important
years of my life, because I have
learned so
much.
NARRATOR: She graduated from
Bucharest's Economics
High School with a near-perfect
score and
was named valedictorian.
RALUCA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): My
guidance counselor had told me I
would graduate
first in the class. My average
grade was 9.9
out of 10. So she told me to
expect something
big. It was a beautiful moment,
because I
hadn't really expected it. Was
that really
me? I was so emotional. I'm
surprised I didn't
trip over something.
Memories. I love these guys. I
will always
remember each person and what
they were like.
I will miss them, yes.
NARRATOR: Raluca will be leaving
Romania -- an
international business degree at
the University
of Warwick in the U.K.,
something her parents
could never have done. Living
under communism,
they weren't allowed to leave
the country.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU (through
translator): I hope
she will become somebody
important as quickly
as possible. I also hope her
dreams will come
true. We live vicariously
through her dreams.
NARRATOR: Raluca's chances for
success may
be better abroad. Despite
progress, Romania
is still one of the poorest
countries in the
E.U., and one in four
20-somethings are out
of a job. So, Cristi and Mirela
are preparing
to let go of their only child.
CRISTI IFRIMESCU (through
translator): Can
we buy an apartment on campus
while you're
in college?
(LAUGHTER)
RALUCA IFRIMESCU (through
translator): No,
I don't think so.
I will probably be happy on the
first month,
because I will be like, oh, I am
free now.
I can do anything I want. And my
mother will
not come at 11:00 or 12:00 and
say, turn off
the computer. You are making so
much noise.
(LAUGHTER)
RALUCA IFRIMESCU But after --
and after the
first month, I will miss them
and probably
I will cry a lot. But I know
that I'm going
to have fun and those years will
be one of
the amazing things that will
happen to me
ever.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What a story.
You can watch the entire "Time
for School"
series on WNET's Web site.
That's Thirteen.org.
GWEN IFILL: Now for a little
holiday spirit.
We start with a look at a few
gifts, apps
and tech toys that can nudge you
and others
toward better living.
Economics correspondent Paul
Solman has the
story as part of his weekly
take, Making Sense,
which airs every Thursday on the
"NewsHour."
PAUL SOLMAN: Demoing a favorite
gadget coming
out of Santa's workshop in
recent years, an
ideal gift for the
hard-to-rouse, a behavioral
economics alarm clock.
Clocky is among numerous
products based on
insights from one of the newest
and fastest
growing branches of economics.
Harvard's Sendhil Mullainathan
is a pioneer.
SENDHIL MULLAINATHAN, Harvard
University:
We're used to biological science
or semiconductors
leading to new inventions. But
now we're starting
to see how behavioral science,
just not new
technologies, but new
understandings of the
human mind, are leading to new
inventions.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, last holiday
season, we asked
Mullainathan and his team at
ideas42, a New
York-based behavioral economics
consultancy,
to suggest some holiday gifts
already on the
market.
The first was a simple new take
on an old
invention: for the overeaters
among us, a
smaller plate.
SENDHIL MULLAINATHAN: This plate
is actually
the size of plates from the
1960s. So it's
not just our waistlines that
have gotten bigger.
It's our plates that have gotten
bigger.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, smaller plates
and more helpful
ones.
SENDHIL MULLAINATHAN: This is a
product that
basically measures out and tells
you, this
is how much vegetables and
fruit, this is
how much starch, this is your
proteins.
And then once we have got it all
loaded up,
voila. Now, that's portion
control.
PAUL SOLMAN: But for those of us
who really
can't resist seconds, fourths,
ninths, there
was the kitchen safe.
SENDHIL MULLAINATHAN: You see
what's on here?
There's a timer.
PAUL SOLMAN: Yes.
SENDHIL MULLAINATHAN: You set
it. This is
set for 11 minutes. I have had
my one Hershey's
Kiss.
PAUL SOLMAN: Right. That's all
we should have.
SENDHIL MULLAINATHAN: And then
you hear the
lock, and now you can't get
anymore.
PAUL SOLMAN: Me and almonds,
this would be
life-changing.
It's now a year later and I can
offer a verbal
affidavit: The kitchen safe
works. My almond
consumption has gone from
promiscuous to measured.
So we returned to ideas42 to see
what's new.
This year's interlocutor,
ideas42 scientific
director Eldar Shafir, who took
me first to
the bathroom.
ELDAR SHAFIR, Scientific
Director, ideas42:
This is sort of a cute device,
the water pebble.
PAUL SOLMAN: The Water Pebble.
ELDAR SHAFIR: The Water Pebble.
It almost
looks like a pebble. It's
intended to help
you save water and energy.
PAUL SOLMAN: Though the Water
Pebble is meant
for the shower, modesty required
we make do
with a sink to demo the device,
which trains
you to take shorter showers, the
green light
giving way to yellow, meaning
time to wrap
it up, and then red, meaning
turn off the
spigot.
ELDAR SHAFIR: One of the big
issues in behavioral
research is that we have a lot
of intentions,
and then the problem is acting
on them.
PAUL SOLMAN: Right.
ELDAR SHAFIR: So, you got the
red light, you
stopped, you leave the shower,
and you did
something good and you feel good
about it.
PAUL SOLMAN: Having done your
part to reduce
some of the 1.2 trillion gallons
of water
Americans use, and often waste,
at home each
year.
And speaking of going down the
drain, how
about all the time and energy we
waste looking
for lost stuff? Turns out
there's a new product,
and an app, for that.
MAN: This is Tile. Tile helps
you buy things,
anything.
PAUL SOLMAN: Tile is a Bluetooth
tracking
device that you pair with your
phone. Then
you name it for and attach it to
whatever
it is you tend to lose track of,
like my computer
bag.
ELDAR SHAFIR: You lost a bag?
PAUL SOLMAN: So you go to bag,
hit find.
ELDAR SHAFIR: Correct.
PAUL SOLMAN: All right.
ELDAR SHAFIR: Oh, I hear
something.
PAUL SOLMAN: Wait.
ELDAR SHAFIR: Do you hear that?
PAUL SOLMAN: Ah.
ELDAR SHAFIR: You hear it? Oh,
in the closet.
Fabulous. Fabulous.
PAUL SOLMAN: Fantastic.
But, wait, there's more.
ELDAR SHAFIR: It used to be the
case that
you needed your phone to find
the Tile. And
it was a problem, because
sometimes you couldn't
find your phone. Now you can use
the Tile,
the one that was in your bag, to
find the
phone. So it goes both ways.
PAUL SOLMAN: All right, I'm
going to test
that. We haven't set that up, I
don't think,
but you have a phone booth, I
see.
ELDAR SHAFIR: An old phone
booth.
PAUL SOLMAN: All right, so I
will put my phone
in the old-fashioned phone
booth.
ELDAR SHAFIR: Yes.
PAUL SOLMAN: Now, hmm, where did
I put that
phone?
MAN: Simply double-press Tile to
ring your
phone, even if it's on silent
PAUL SOLMAN: And there.
ELDAR SHAFIR: You hear it?
PAUL SOLMAN: Yes. Yes. Yes.
ELDAR SHAFIR: There it is, in
the old phone
booth.
PAUL SOLMAN: And the Tile has
found my phone,
like the phone found the Tile.
No, this is
amazing, because this is the
best gift that
I'm ever going to steal from a
shoot.
(LAUGHTER)
PAUL SOLMAN: Well, I guess I
have earned it
or something.
But behavioral scientist Shafir
wasn't as
happy as its new owner with the
behavioral
economics of Tile.
ELDAR SHAFIR: It's a nice
product, in the
sense that it recognizes
behavioral failure,
namely, forgetfulness, and helps
you deal
with it. It's not behaviorally
sophisticated,
in the sense that it doesn't
induce better
behavior. It doesn't help you
remember things
better. It just allows you to
forget them,
maybe even more than before, but
to quickly
recover.
PAUL SOLMAN: Now, the folks here
at ideas42
aren't simply thinking about
gifts that improve
your life.
Hannah Spring says they're
always trying to
improve the world, one
behavioral nudge at
a time.
HANNAH SPRING, ideas42: We're
working on over
50 projects in more than 20
countries. We're
working in Mexico, helping to
apply behavioral
science to get more people to
save for retirement.
We're also working with
low-income Americans
who are currently not in the
formal banking
system, helping them to get
access to that.
PAUL SOLMAN: And helping
students manage their
debt, for example, with a simple
aid to filling
out the student loan form.
But since our project is a
behavioral economics
holiday gift guide, let's get
back to it with
a couple of watch-like devices,
the Vivofit
2, an activity monitor that
reminds you with
audible alerts and a red bar to
get up and
move around after an hour of
inactivity.
Though, in the short time
allotted, my ping-pong
game, however vigorous, couldn't
get rid of
the red line. So the red line is
still here.
ELDAR SHAFIR: In theory, you
should be getting
a calorie count in addition to
the red line
disappearing.
PAUL SOLMAN: And then there's
the Tikker,
billed as the happiness watch.
MAN: I would like to talk to you
about the
day you're going to die.
PAUL SOLMAN: With one of the
most depressing
promotional videos ever.
MAN: Tikker, the death watch
that counts down
your life, just so you can make
every second
count.
PAUL SOLMAN: In my case...
ELDAR SHAFIR: Eighteen years,
one month, 13
days, eight hours, 59 minutes
and 51, 50,
49 seconds, life expectancy.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, I can wear this
as, oh, my
God, the sands of time running
out in the
hourglass of my life, or, what a
lucky son
of a gun I am that I have...
ELDAR SHAFIR: This fantastic
gift.
PAUL SOLMAN: And that much time
left.
Time for carpe diem or an
18-year funk. But
for behavioral economic effect,
Shafir thinks
Tikker should be tinkered with.
ELDAR SHAFIR: So, you could
imagine actually
being motivated to alter small
behaviors that
would actually increase the
expectancy you
have counting on this, on this
gadget, on
this Tikker, as opposed to being
stable.
PAUL SOLMAN: But perhaps the way
to maximize
Tikker is with headspace.
MAN: Think of it like a gym
membership for
the mind.
PAUL SOLMAN: A guided meditation
app that
I now use every day.
MAN: And with the next out
breath, just gently
closing the eyelids, and again
just feeling
the weight of the body.
PAUL SOLMAN: And it can be given
as a gift,
monthly, yearly, forever, which
in my case
seems to be about 18 years, one
month and
a week from today.
But, in the end, my favorite new
gift was
the behaviorally incorrect one,
Tile, one
of which I put in an item I'm
forever misplacing.
It's in my hat. Done.
Paul Solman, economics
correspondent for the
"PBS NewsHour," reporting from
ideas42 in
New York.
JUDY WOODRUFF: By the way, we
think he is
going to live a lot longer than
18 years.
GWEN IFILL: And lose his hat.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Next for this
holiday season:
a new way to look at a classic
song, Bing
Crosby's "White Christmas." It's
the best-selling
single of all time with more
than 50 million
copies sold.
Jeffrey Brown recently sat down
with composer
and pianist Rob Kapilow, who
deconstructs
music for the "NewsHour" from
time to time.
They met up in Arlington,
Virginia at the
Signature Theatre for our latest
installment.
JEFFREY BROWN: Rob Kapilow,
welcome back.
ROB KAPILOW, Composer: So nice
to be here.
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, so
"White Christmas,"
a touching, beautiful, nostalgic
song, but
started life very differently,
as a kind of
parody.
ROB KAPILOW: Yes, you know, we
now think of
it as this perfect, sentimental
depiction
of Christmases past. But, in
fact, it originally
started with a verse the no one
sings anymore,
and that Berlin actually
eliminated from the
song, that sets the song in
Beverly Hills,
L.A.
It actually started, the sun is
shining, the
grass is green, the orange and
palm trees
sway. And it's actually sung by
somebody in
Beverly Hills around a pool
dreaming of Christmas
up north. So, originally, it was
a send-up
of the very song that it's
become.
JEFFREY BROWN: Set in Beverly
Hills, but,
of course, came to be known and
came to touch
so many people because of the
historical moment,
1942, American military
personnel far away
for the first time.
ROB KAPILOW: It's true.
You know, Berlin says that songs
make history,
and history makes songs. And
this is a song
that was completely made by its
history. When
he wrote it, it was just for the
movie "Holiday
Inn," and it was just going to
be a lovely
Christmas song.
But then, all of a sudden,
December 7, 1941,
we have Pearl Harbor, we get
into the war,
and the song and the movie come
out just when
the Americans are spending their
first winter
away from home. And, suddenly,
that nostalgic
tug of Christmases past, of that
mythic American
past, for all the Americans
overseas, as well
as their families at home
missing them, suddenly
made the song immensely popular
in a way that
Berlin never anticipated.
BING CROSBY, Actor: I'm dreaming
of a white
Christmas just like the ones I
used to know.
JEFFREY BROWN: It also, though,
created an
idea of Christmas.
ROB KAPILOW: Yes, it's true.
It's sort of
an invented Christmas.
One of the things that is so
wonderful is
you...
JEFFREY BROWN: Because it's so
familiar to
us now.
ROB KAPILOW: It is.
JEFFREY BROWN: Right. There are
many songs
like that.
(CROSSTALK)
ROB KAPILOW: Now every
Christmas, there's
a new recording of new Christmas
songs.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes. Yes.
ROB KAPILOW: But the whole idea
of secular
Christmas songs really didn't
exist before
Berlin. No one was actually
dreaming of white
Christmases before him.
Composers and publishers
thought, why write
a Christmas song? They will only
play it once
a year. But, in fact, the
success of this
actually launched a whole genre
of secular
Christmas songs. And all of a
sudden, we invented
an American Christmas based on a
mythic golden
past that never existed in this
rural New
England that came purely out of
his imagination.
JEFFREY BROWN: And done through
seemingly
simple music and lyrics. Show us
the music
here and how he did it.
ROB KAPILOW: Sometimes, the
words themselves
aren't nearly as beautiful or as
meaningful
as the notes behind them.
So, he starts off, even a simple
chord. Anyone
else would have begun like this,
for "I'm,"
a very straightforward chord.
But he adds
one extra note, and that's what
gives it all
the warmth and all the yearning,
not this,
but this.
So, even the first chord already
has a different
warmth. "I'm." Now, anyone else
would have
written "dreaming of a." But
each chord has
one different chord that makes
it so emotion-filled,
"dreaming." And then listen to
this wonderful
dissonant one.
It's almost like fog on the
window as you're
looking out at those snowflakes.
That's just
two measures of music. The words
are just
"I'm dreaming," but the music is
what tells
us what that dreaming feels
like.
Great composers don't set words
to music.
They set the emotion behind the
words. So,
we're now dreaming of this white
Christmas.
Anyone else would have written
this for white
Christmas. That would have been
fine. But
instead, he writes all that
yearning.
Now, we have started with long
note, fast
notes, long note, fast notes.
Anyone else
would have done another long
note, "just like
the ones I know." But, instead,
he pushes
higher to the highest note of
the entire song.
All this yearning.
JEFFREY BROWN: Lifted you right
out of the
chair, didn't it?
ROB KAPILOW: Absolutely. I mean,
that's what
it's meant to do.
Now, "where the treetops
glisten." Who knows
what that feels like, but listen
to the music
underneath. He could have easily
written this,
"where the treetops glisten."
Would have been
fine. But listen to the emotion
in "treetops."
And now listen to this.
That's what made this song so
famous, the
beautiful harmony on "glisten."
Then we do
it lower. He could have easily
written, "children
listen," but listen to the
beautiful left
hand, "children." And now listen
to this minor
color, "listen."
BING CROSBY (singing): To hear
sleigh bells
in the snow.
ROB KAPILOW: I mean, that's what
this yearning
is all about.
There's almost a melancholy
behind this song
that you wouldn't think from the
words themselves.
Now, that's basically the whole
song. Everything
repeats, everything repeats, and
then we come
to the magic moment that really
makes it spectacular.
Everything's an exact copy.
We come back to the same music.
"May your
days be merry." The first time,
we went down
to this note, but now we go...
BING CROSBY AND MARJORIE
REYNOLDS, ACTRESS
(singing): Be merry and bright.
ROB KAPILOW: And if that's not
beautiful enough,
then there's this minor color.
JEFFREY BROWN: It takes us back
down.
ROB KAPILOW: Takes us back. I
mean, it's such
a complex mix. It seems like
it's a seemingly
simple song, but there's all the
melancholy,
the disappointment of what
Christmas is about,
as well as the brightness of
Christmas.
And then we end beautifully.
And, again, could
have written the same chord
twice. Not him.
And, again, not a simple ending,
but each
one is a different chord, a
different emotion.
BING CROSBY AND MARJORIE
REYNOLDS (singing):
And may all your Christmases be
white.
BING CROSBY AND MARJORIE
REYNOLDS (singing):
And may all your Christmases be
white.
GWEN IFILL: Makes me hear the
song a whole
different way, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I'm never going
to listen to
it the same from now on.
(LAUGHTER)
GWEN IFILL: Now she will sing it
for us when
we go off the air.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Maybe not.
GWEN IFILL: Well, also, during
the holidays,
as you can tell, our thoughts
turn to the
music that we remember best, but
they also
turn to those farthest away from
us, not least
of which the military men and
women serving
their country around the world.
This year, we asked the folks at
the Pentagon
to reach out to some of them on
our behalf
to bring you a special video
greeting.
So, this Christmas Eve, we
present Clement
Clarke Moore's 19th century
classic "A Visit
from St. Nicholas." You may know
it as "'Twas
the Night Before Christmas."
BLACK SEA ROTATIONAL FORCE, U.S.
Marine Corps:
'Twas the night before
Christmas, when all
through the house, not a
creature was stirring,
not even a mouse.
SPC. SAMANTHA VADNAIS, U.S.
Army: The stockings
were hung by the chimney with
care, in hopes
that St. Nicholas soon would be
there.
PO2 EDWARD HUBBLE, U.S. Navy:
The children
were nestled all snug in their
beds, while
visions of sugar plums danced in
their heads.
A1C MAKAELA RICHARDSON, U.S. Air
Force: And
mamma in her kerchief, and I in
my cap had
just settled our brains for a
long winter's
nap.
CPL. JIMMY HARKER, U.S. Marine
Corps: When,
out on the roof, there arose
such a clatter,
I sprang from my bed to see what
was the matter.
SR. AIRMAN MICHAEL KANTACK, U.S.
Air Force:
Away to the window, I flew like
a flash, tore
open the shutter and threw up
the sash.
SR. AIRMAN WILLIAM SHERROD, U.S.
Air Force:
The moon on the breast of the
new-fallen snow
gave a luster of midday to
objects below.
LT. J.G. ADAM GUARNO, U.S. Coast
Guard: When
what to my wondering eyes should
appear, but
a miniature sleigh and eight
tiny reindeer.
AIRMAN DENISE ZAMORA, U.S. Air
Force: With
a little old driver so lively
and quick, I
knew in that moment it must be
St. Nick.
CAPT. KENNETH CONKLIN, U.S.
Army: More rapid
than eagles, his coursers they
came, and he
whistled, and shouted, and
called them by
name.
SGT. ARTHUR HARING, U.S. Army:
Now Dasher!
Now Dancer! Now Prancer and
Vixen! On, Comet!
On, Cupid! On, Donner and
Blitzen!
CPL. JULIO GOTAYMENDOZA, U.S.
Marine Corps:
To the top of the porch, to the
top of the
wall, now dash away, dash away,
dash away
all."
TECH SGT. RANDALL ABELLA, U.S.
Air Force:
As dry leaves that before the
wild hurricane
fly, when they meet with an
obstacle, mount
to the sky,
SEAMAN JAMES HUNT, U.S. Navy: So
up to the
housetop the coursers they flew,
with the
sleigh full of toys, and St.
Nicholas too.
CAPT. KENNETH CONKLIN: And then,
in a twinkling,
I heard on the roof the prancing
and pawing
of each little hoof.
SGT. JOSH JOYNER, U.S. Army: As
I drew in
my head, and was turning around,
down the
chimney, St. Nicholas came with
a bound.
PO3 JORDANA BERRYMAN, U.S. Navy:
He was dressed
all in fur, from his head to his
foot, and
his clothes, they were all
tarnished with
ashes and soot.
CPL. JUSTIN UPDEGRAFF, U.S.
Marine Corps:
A bundle of toys, he had flung
on his back,
and he looked like a peddler
just opening
his pack.
SGT. ARTHUR HARING: His eyes,
how they twinkled,
his dimples, how merry. His
cheeks were like
roses, his nose like a cherry.
SEAMAN JAMES HUNT, U.S. Navy:
His droll little
mouth was drawn up like a bow,
and the beard
on his chin was as white as the
snow.
SR. AIRMAN MICHAEL KANTACK: The
stump of a
pipe, he held tight in his
teeth, And the
smoke, it encircled his head
like a wreath.
SGT. ARTHUR HARING: He had a
broad face and
a little round belly that shook
when he laughed,
like a bowl full of jelly.
CPL. DAMAIN RANDALL, U.S. Marine
Corps: He
was chubby and plump, a right
jolly old elf.
I laughed when I saw him, in
spite of myself.
PO2 EDWARD HUBBLE: A wink of his
eye and a
twist of his head soon gave me
to know I had
nothing to dread.
LT. J.G. ADAM GUARNO: He spoke
not a word,
but went straight to his work,
and filled
all the stockings, then turned
with a jerk.
PO3 JORDANA BERRYMAN: And laying
his finger
aside of his nose, and giving a
nod, up the
chimney he rose.
SR. AIRMAN DUSTIN TEOMANS, U.S.
Air Force:
He sprang to his sleigh, to his
team gave
a whistle, and away they all
flew like the
down of a thistle.
MASTER SGT. KENNY GRIEGO, U.S.
Air Force:
But I heard him exclaim, ere he
drove out
of sight, merry Christmas to
all, and to all,
a good night.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I think they all
have a future.
(LAUGHTER)
GWEN IFILL: And merry Christmas
to all of
our men and women serving.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Oh, we thank you
for that.
And continuing our Christmas
theme, on the
"NewsHour" online right now, you
can view
our photo essay on Santa Claus
around the
world. From paddling the Venice
canals to
racing down the streets of
Madrid, we explore
how different countries
recognize Old Saint
Nick. You can find that and more
on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
GWEN IFILL: And that's the
"NewsHour" for
this Christmas Eve.
On Christmas Day, a look at
celebrations around
the world.
I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again here
tomorrow evening,
with Mark Shields and Michael
Gerson.
From all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," we wish
you a very merry Christmas.
Thank you, and
From all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," we wish
you a very merry Christmas.
Thank you, and
good night.